--- TRANSCRIPCIONES DEL MÓDULO ---

# Course Introduction
Digital Twins is one of the important technology concepts in Industry 4.0. Traditionally, manufacturers have used many proven methods and technologies and in fact, management principles to improve quality costs, productivity, sacral time and manufacturing. Just like total quality management, kind of emphasis on physical processes and then training people. All of those are still important but, as we talked about, some of the emerging technology trends are actually building new capabilities or bringing new capabilities to the manufacturers, that they can completely re-imagine how they would manufacture products and how they would service the product, and how they would engage the customers, and so on. Digital twins in that context is one of the important technologies. In short, digital twins actually brings together the capabilities of IoT applications and that we talked about in the earlier course, and then the capabilities for simulation and modeling in a digital format and putting it all together, it actually brings the possibility of a pure virtual product, a virtual version of real product. With this virtual version, manufacturers can do so many things like simulation, what if analysis, getting real-time information about how the product is being used by the customers or how it's being manufactured and then work on the data, draw insights from data to further improve the product and customer experience. That's the summary of what digital twins are, and we're going to be launching into this course talking about various aspects of this technology. This technology actually can bring together as complex products as an aircraft, you can have a complete digital version of a physical aircraft, and that opens up so many possibilities for improving the overall manufacturing operations. Our broad learning objectives in this course, we'll focus on what are digital twins and how do they work? Then how does digital twins get successfully implemented? Because again, while the possibilities are great, but the implementation can become complex and manufacturers have to be careful in terms of how they navigate that process. We will talk about the broad business advantages. What are the kind of business value propositions of this technology coming to the manufacturers and the various stakeholders in the ecosystem, including suppliers and customers. We would address some of the risks and challenges that comes with the technology and finally, we'll spend some time talking about the future trends that we can expect in this technology. Our mode of delivery in this course will include video lectures, just like what we're doing now, and in addition, we'll have additional case studies for reading materials, will have reflection exercises, assessments. In addition, we'll also have some leading industry experts who have been generous to donate time and join me in a conversation for us to learn about digital twin, this whole technology and its applications. Some of the experts who will be joining us are the following. We have Dr. Annie Zeng from Ford Motor Company. She's the digital innovation specialists in advanced manufacturing. We have Jayanta Banerjee. He was the group CIO in the Tata Steel Group, one of the largest steel manufacturers in the world. From Siemens we have three leading experts. We have Kathleen deValk, who's the chief architect and head of global architecture for MindSphere. MindSphere by the way, is one of the very popular platforms from Siemens that's used in many organizations for both IoT applications and Digital Twins applications. We have Nash Chakraborty again from Siemens, who's the Senior Director for global market development and Cloud applications on MindSphere. Finally, we have Stephan Jockusch, who is the vice president for strategy at Siemens.

# What are Digital Twins and How Do They Work?
let's now understand what are these digital trends and how do they work? Well, a broad way to understand digital trends is they're actually a virtual replica of the physical product. What you see in this picture on the left hand side you see the virtual product which is shown in green and then on the far right is the physical product. You can think about a car or plane any of these, then there is a physical product. And then if you can collect data continuously on a real time basis from the physical product to keep the virtual product of this version live in the sense that you could actually. If you're doing a product you can actually start with the design which is digital and then you create the product and then you start collecting information from the physical product. So it's basically the virtual product is a replica of the physical product and constantly interact with the physical product. And its environment around the physical product to collect information and exchanges data. So in the process you understand about the real status of the physical product and also you have the opportunity to inform the physical product as well and improve sometimes. So the process of both informing the product and the physical product and also accessing information is important because you'll see as we'll talk about more examples of digital twin. There are different levels in which you can actually kind of implement these digital tools and the kind of data that is collected from the physical product. Can kind of span across multiple varieties of measurements in different dimensions kind of threw many sensors that will be attached to the physical product. And sometimes you also collect information about the environment around the physical product. So you can imagine things like as I gave the example earlier that we could all say you can can create a digital twin of even an airplane, a complex product for airplane. But to further understand why digital twins and what does it really mean from manufacturers and customer standpoint? Let's start with a simple example, okay? I mean let's start with a question like what would it be, kind of create a digital trend? Why would it be important for us to create a digital trend or something like as simple as a michigan coffee mug, okay? So you have, what you see here is the on the left hand side. This is the physical monk that we all use on a daily basis. And let's just imagine on the right and said it is the digital version. Well, when you're actually designing this cup on your and then your manufacturing, right? I mean so you can imagine the cup foot gets designed. And then you get your finalized, you finalize the design, you agreed with the specifications. Then you mass produced that cup, right? When you design the cup you can actually capture the information on a digital format. So now how can you kind of, what are the ways in which you can do digital a coffee mug? So you could just do a simple static digital twin. As you see in this the left hand side where you just captured the design information of the cup in a digital format, okay. That's why I call static digital ten in the sense you captured the shape of the cup, the material of the cup, all these things in the digital format you stole it, right? And there is a value to that too, right? And you can see on the left hand side you know once you have that you can actually with that digital train you can do a lot of information. You learn a lot about that cup, right? In terms of when you do the design you can understand whether the average person's hands will fit into that handle. And then the design is suitable for all the dishwashers. You can kind of look at all those possibilities and whether the muggers or the cup is well balanced. When you kind of put it there on the table, all those that it is insulated. Well, these are the questions we can actually answer because we know we have digitized, we know the kind of material that is used. We know the heat properties of the materials and so on and so forth. This is what I call a static digital twin where he actually captured before you started manufacturing, you have the full design information in a digital format. That's a very simple way of implementing digital and it still has its own value. On the right hand side what you see, what I call is the dynamic digital. Now, imagine now we actually put sensors in this coffee mugs, okay. And then there are real time sensors which actually allow us to kind of access information, get information through those sensors. After it is being the the cup is sold to the customers and they're using it. Now here what happens is, you have the capability to collect real time information about the cup in terms of you can have, how often is the cup used? How often is the you know, is the mag normally filled with, right. And what is the average temperature of the liquid, right. What do people use it for cold liquid or teacher for hot beverage? What are they using it for? And also we can track in terms of what kind of impact as a cup coming across and how often is it if they're breaking all this information, you could actually collect constantly from the physical product to the digital version. Now you can see that when you move to the dynamic digital trend of course it's going to be more complex. It's going to be more costly because I'm talking about putting sensors in the cup, right? And in the context of a coffee mug, coffee cup it does not make sense. May not make business sense for us to collect all this rich data. But you get the point as more sophisticated, more features were put into the digital point. We can get more richer data and data that data could be very useful in the context of manufacturing but probably not in the case of cup. Now there are also other applications, where digital twins is the only option because it is physically impossible for us to collect data about the product or the environment and the product is being used. One example here is the Mars rover or the Apollo 13 the NASA space missions. Where you just can't collect the information about the physical product as it's being applied or about the environment. The only thing you can do is that you can actually collected through sensors and you identify what's happening in the Digital Twin version that you have here on the Earth, and that's exactly how they manage. So there are examples where Digital Twin is the only option. So that gives you a sense of what are the kind of capabilities of the Digital Twin as a technology.

# Digital Twins in Manufacturing
From the simplistic example of a coffee mug. Now let us understand Digital twins as it is used in real manufacturing. Let's look at this video which actually shows digital twin of electric motor in action. >> Digital twins, the innovation backbone of the future, delivering virtual representations of real world products, systems and cities. For example, the digital twin of an electric motor not only showcases form, but also analyzes functions from the rotation of the shaft to thermal conductivity, to data from sensors and beyond. What's more the digital twin continuously evolves thanks to the flow of data, user experience, feedback and new input. And it's greatly impacting development, production and operation in development. A product's behavior can be simulated and tested long before of physical prototype has been built. Siemens utilize the digital twin to develop a world record setting electric aircraft motor that not only weighs 50 kg. But is also five times more powerful than comparable electric motors. >> Now, what we saw in the video basically, you can industry could appreciate the granularity up to which you can connect data about the specific parts of the electric motor. And you can they are connected through sensors and you can get real time information. Ask the motor is being used by customer. You can get real time information about the performance of the motor and all the other dimensions of the motor. Right? In terms of you can actually even predict so many things because you have a real version of the motor in place in the digital version, right? Because all the information is that you have virtually you can monitor what, how the customers using, how often they're using, just like the example we talked about in coffee mug. So why digital trends in manufacturing, right. You've got the understanding of how it works in that electric motor. But you can now imagine if you have the capability. Certainly, it has got enormous benefits for the manufacturer because it can provide value and multiple dimensions. Just to name a few can improve safety because with the digital twin, you can first simulate even before putting the physical product. Can simulate a lot of scenarios to make sure that the product actually works as it is designed for. And that's point number one, the even after product is actually being used, the physical product is being manufactured and delivered to customers being used, you can constantly get real time information. And a lot of times you can actually predict the process on certain days, you can predict any deviation in process and the product performance. So you can kind of have an early warning that basically, both helps manage uncertain. It is and also help improve safety. Of course, the real time information as you saw in the case of electric motors or in the case of a simple example of a coffee mug. The full transparency in operations actually gives a lot more control to the manufacturer to kind of monitor and operate. And if you recall the interaction of this series, I talked about the pressure for manufacturers as they see from the market is that consumers are now more informed. The customers are more informed. They're demanding this personalization of experience, right? If you recall no discussion with experts in the manufacturing industry. They're talking about how the demand for personalization from customers is actually moving into manufacturing as a capability of large size of one. Now you can see that capability of large size of one to some extent is now possible. With the concept of digital twin because you're now able to have real time information about the experience of each customer. You have real time information about the manufactured product that goes to each customer. And then you can monitor and manage those and hence kind of enhancing the capability of manufacturer to manage this large size of one application of digital twins. And manufacturing could be at the process level or at the product level. On the left hand side of the chart, you see what I call as a Product Digital Twin. You have a physical product that is an automobile there and parallel to that. You see the digital version of the same automobile, that's a Product Digital Twin. In the Product Digital Twin, you actually collect a lot of product performance data. You can, you can get information about design. Panama is how they're changing with the product is being used, get rich usage data and you also can detect some false that may likely to be occurred. And that enhance helping them manage the manages to kind of design product to maintenance and preventive maintenance of the products. And those are some of the usage is some some simple examples of the data that could come from product digital trends. And of course a lot more as you'll see in examples further down the course, on the right hand side, what you say is the process digital. In other words, the concept of Digital Twin could also be applied to the processes for example, it could be end to end process. Processes in the manufacturing shop floor, so you have several machines each stage and all of them could be tracked digitally. And you could actually create a digital version of the entire manufacturing process. In fact, many recently, a lot of modern manufacturing, even before they put the plant in place. Even before they start constructing the plant, they create the full digital version of the plant with all the machines plant in terms of where the layout to be, how they would work. And they in fact they can actually simulate the entire factory operations through simulation to see exactly how it will work. And in fact they may actually do some course correction in terms of changing the layout, changing the machines. And things like that so that they have a lot of analysis done even before they put any asset on the ground. And of course once they have the asset on the ground you can collect through the digital pen. If you make it active on live, you can have live performance data of each of the machines. You have full transparency of the operations. And of course you could actually detective some machine is going to have any problems, are already having some problems and you can have proactively take some actions. These are some of the benefits and these are some of the data that you can collect to create a replica of the entire manufacturing process. The same concept is also used nowadays in construction process, the entire construction process. You can create a digital 20 of the process in assimilating different assets that come in place. And that actually gives a lot of opportunity just like we talked about manufacturing, about what if analysis and so that the managers to derive insights.

# Insights from Ford - Digital Twins Applications at Ford
Annie can you explain how the concept of digital twins is used in Ford, give us some examples of the application of digital twins within Ford manufacturing. >> So when we talk about digital twin in there are digital twin is really the digital representation of a thing, right? The thing can be the vehicle that is probably most people would think of when we talk about company or the thing can be the factory, the way we make the vehicles. So, I think I can because I'm from the manufacturing side of Ford and for itself, is that it's in a manufacturing business, right? But I'm not in the product development at this moment and more towards the manufacturing side of business. So, I think it will be a very good for me to explain what we're doing to build a digital twin of a factory. So, again, we, what we try to get into is really the digital representation of the thing in this concept, the thing is our factory. So, if you walk into the physical factory, you probably will see a lot of machines, a lot of the assets we call those assets and these assets hopefully are running they're making something. So they're doing a certain jobs, those jobs are process in our definition and going through those process, the end goal is to actually build up the vehicle. So quite often you'll see parts are being added to that vehicle that is a product perspective it and you will see people working with it and all of these exercise happen within workspace. It's within a factory with with columns with things like that, right? So what we are building is this digital representation of the whole factory which has components of assets, process, product, people, and work spaces. And I know most people will jump into either the product or the asset right away because it's more meaningful, I would just take the asset as an example then, right? So the example of an asset digital twin of an asset would be I want to know everything about this asset when I'm at home. I'm not in front of the asset, I'm at home because it's digital that enabled, I don't have to be at home to get to the digital twin, I could stand right in front of the asset to see it. What we are gathering of this asset as an end result will include its operating, uh performance in the performance data. Is this cycle, is it waiting to for a job or is it down because of some problems? We will get that right there and also we'll be able to see the history of all this performance and given a station, what part is this particular asset making? Is it installed some bolts and nuts or is installing a seat? I will be able to see all those information because I have the digital twin of it. And if the machine for some reason is down, it will need someone's attention and they look into that, you will need to do some physical inspection. And there's also a digital team perspective it to do it remotely and from that angle you will get into things that you cannot see. You are drawings on how, on maybe electrical control, maybe the drawing of its mechanical drawings or its hydraulic drawings, so that is the digital twin example right there. >> Great, thank you very much. And that was a very comprehensive answer because I think you covered both the digital twin and the process of the entire manufacturing plant. >> [CROSSTALK] And also you give examples that they have to give you the context. >> Very useful because you talked about how it could be used also and specifically in a particular product.

# Insights from Tata Steel - Digital Twins Example Built on IoT Platform
Jayanta, certainly you've discussed and you shared with us about your IoT infrastructure and very, very exciting examples with IoT. We know that IoT is a platform on which you actually start building digital twins. Can you talk about the concept of digital twins and more specifically, how have you used within Tata Steel with a specific example? Yeah. That there is digital twin is another subject that it has again, multitude of use cases. Because the concept is that you mimic, I'll give you a spiritual example. Because this is something that I think, and I believe that every entity in this universe is nothing but data. Because what I see, when you are seeing me or am seeing you, it is my perspective and my perception. Something that I'm seeing. It is not physical, it is virtual to me, like the center of data, how low, what is your background and all that is data. If I can have, say infinite amount of data on you, or you can have infinite data on me, then you could actually really clone me or I clone you or somebody can clone somebody. That's the concept. The whole issue of digital twin is, that we can take our supply chain and make a digital twin on that. What we have done in Tata Steel is that we have not done a Digital Twin for supply chain yet, but what we have done, that many other companies have done. What we have done we have taken plants, operations, say a blast furnace or say a sinter plant or say a coco vent plant. We created a digital twin output. For the entire plant? For the entire plant. Check the Coco Vent plant , not entire Tata Steel. There are nine or 10 set digital twins we created. The person who is the supervisor of the plant or the chief of the whole plant can sit on his iPad will be the digital twin. All the decisions that he typically takes at workplace, all the parameters that he checks whether it's a temperature, pressure, vibration, XYZ sensor, input feedback, gauges, meters, everything that he checks, it's data. End of the day, it is the Data. What-if typically a person will do, we'll go to the plant, go near the machine and check on the sensor on the meter reading. If I can bring it on the screen, then you check all the parameters and the coordination and the interrelationship between them on the screen and take all the required decisions, it is possible. Is very much possible. That is what is called the digital twin in my view. I say Steel is a very physical industry, and it's a mindset that if I don't go to the plant, I won't see the operation, I will not be able to handle it. But essentially speaking, are they really physically proximate to steel? No it is hot metal. You cannot even go near that. You're minimum 25-30 meters away from it and it control you. If you're 30 meters away and you are watching from there, if I put wall and put a HD television or HD camera and you get the camera feed and see better, you have a better vision and we have done that. Then there was a huge adoption. First there was an absolute no-no, I cannot accept it because there will be catastrophe that will happen. The same people who resisted the operators, they wanted more because now I can see better. I can find these tools much early on, my visibility has improved. All that happened. Then if you can move 30 meters, then you can move 300 meters, you can move 3,000 meters, you can go 30,000 meters. It is all possible is a matter of mindset shift and nothing else. It's just, you have to just make it happen. The point is at digital twin, when we are creating data challenges, the challenges are that the business will say that, you have done 90 percent, but the 10 percent is left. You have to be very accurate and you have to cover a lot of business process and a lot of operational process. But once you have it, the supervisory layer can be moved off site. Got it. Without robotics and without autonomous operation, you possibly cannot move the physical world, the actual world change or the switching on and switching off. Those are controls. The control layer will take a long, long time, maybe another five years, seven years, whatever. It will require possibly a socioeconomic angle is also there because it's not everything that is worker involved. If you're taking the worker's job, then it's not that he can be re-skilled easily. Some can be re-skilled, some may not be re-skilled and all that. It is a mixture. That aspect aside, the supervisory layer can be very easily handled through digital twin. The control layer will take a long time.

# Insights from Siemens - Digital Twin of Performance
Kathleen thank you very much for the example. I'd like to now follow up on the concept that IoT as a technology, also more often used as a building block to building the capability of digital twins. And digital twin is a concept talked about a lot in the future of manufacturing and I was wondering Nash, could you give us an example of how IoT actually connects and creates this building blocks towards creating digital twin? >> That's a great question, Dr Krishnan. As you know, in Siemens we talk about digital twin of product, production, and performance. And I can give you a great example of how these building blocks come together and IoT became a part of it. So there is a company called Konecranes, you must have heard about them. It's a company that specializes in the manufacture and service of cranes and lifting equipment. Now, this is a great example because they kind of adopted the digital life cycle management software and the internet of things, technology to bridge, as Kathleen spoke about before, the virtual and the real worlds. And the example is very interesting, because the engineering and design group felt that most of their designs are based on engineers experience and expertise on the product and therefore, they may be over engineering the product. So what they did is they ran the Siemens simulation software to understand the various parameters like the torque, the weight, the stress points, the heat map, and the hotspots. Then what they did is they took that and actually put sensors in a real prototype that's in the field to collect the data from those parameter data from those sensors, and bring that information back into the simulation design software and superimpose that with the simulated data. And this helped them answer several questions, like is the model correct? Does the simulated behavior actually, truly represent the actual behavior? Is the design optimized or over engineered? And so on and so forth. So this is a very interesting example where the mind sphere platform, the IoT platform helped them in the digital twin of performance, bringing back the information into the product and optimize the design and the production processes.

# Insights from Tata Steel - Digital Twins Example for Industrial Construction Project
Jayanta, thanks for sharing that example. I mean, that's a classic example. I mean, sometimes people look at digital twin that where you are remotely monitoring the operations in digital platform, sitting in your home, sitting in your remote location office because you can have the full digital representation of the factory that is feeding in the real-time data from the sensors that I can actually see the supervisor, he or she can look at this data and then take decisions for remote monitoring. That's one side of the digital plan. One way of looking at it, but the other way also, where we create a digital version of the particular product or a process, and before picking a decision, we can simulate and experiment, do some what-if analysis in that particular case and then see what the output is or what the outcome is in a virtual world and then make a decision on the real world. That is also there. That is there and yeah, absolutely. Can you give an example of that, and I will use that in the-. Yeah. Sure. [inaudible] spot on. If you look at engineering and projects, that's an area where this can be done. Because it is a capital intensive project, you have to pump in a lot of money into it to actually construct. Before taking a decision of a physical construction of an approved design, you want to see how it actually comes to life. Digital twin comes into the simulation that you said. You create the simulation and you advance the projects six months. It would look like this after six months, it will look like this after 18 months, it will look like this after 24 months. You do that in a drawing room, in a board room or in a conference room. You see that. Show me after six months what it would be. In a typical setting, you would give some presentations and discussion and debate and everybody's imaginations go in different directions. Here, this is how it will be after six. This is the six-months data image, this is a 12-months data image, this is a 24-months data image. That is simulated by the computer, by the AI engine looking at all the data. Then you say, "No, let us change this." You take the decision. Once then everybody sees and takes a decision, you go ahead and do the actual construction. That's what is very much possible.

# Complexity and Scale of Digital Twins
How do you implement digital twins and what business value you can get from digital twins? It's an economic trade-off. It is about how do you design the digital twin, what kind of information do you collect. Also, it leads, of course, complexity in the digital twin. So it is important for all of us to understand at what levels can we implement digital twins and what kind of benefits that we get. Here's a simple chart where I have two axes. The y-axis is the business value that you get from the digital twin, and in some sense to understand the horizontal is the cost and complexity. You can think in terms of the coffee mug or in terms of the electric motor, you can actually start with what I call a static digital twin, which is basically you design the product, you could collect all the design data in CAD/CAM and you can get in a simple digital twin format and then put it all together so you have a digital version of the design or the entire physical product in terms of the parts that went into it. You can have a full digital version, what I call as just capturing the design data that's in the green color. Now, you can add into the design data what I call as the manufacturing data. Now, let's connect to the electric motor example that we saw. You have, first, the design data in the green color of the digital twin where you have the design information of the electric motor. In addition to that, let's assume that you start collecting information as the electric motors are being manufactured. The manufacturer actually is doing 100 motors and it's going to different customers. As these 100 motors are being manufactured, there are so many data insights and information that could be collected during the process of manufacturing. For example, what is the serial number of this particular electric motor? Second, what was the temperature of the alloy that is used to make the parts that is going into the motor? What is some of the environmental conditions as this particular motor being manufactured? Then who are the people working on it? You could also collect that information. In which shift was it made? All this information, you can just collect it during the manufacturing process that could be added onto your design data, what I call as the design data plus the manufacturing data. You see that the richness of the digital twin is going up as we move from left to right. Of course, finally, what I call as the dynamic digital twin, which is the electric motor, is now in the customer's premises. The customer is using and we are collecting data. In addition to the design and manufacturing data, we are now collecting operational field data. So through sensors in the motor, let's assume we have all the right sensors as we saw in the video, we are constantly collecting this information, so we have a live version of that particular motor being used by the customer. Now, as you can see from left to right, the richness of the information now starts giving us a lot more contextual data and also more insights. In fact, if you see here, the cost also goes up. It goes from left to right. As I said, the cost and complexity. You are spending more. It is a complex digital twin. But you are to make sure that you have the right business value that you're deriving for that particular product. Like the coffee mug, it doesn't make sense to make the red color for dynamic digital twin. You may probably know the best maker design data in static digital twin. But in the manufacturing context, what you see in that arrow, what I'm calling as the criticality of the part. A lot of times when a part is very critical in a product, then it makes a business sense for you to create the live dynamic digital twin where you want to collect as much information about that particular critical part as you can so that you can manage effectively. In summary, the green one is just a simple design data. Yellow is the design data plus manufacturing data, and the red is the full dynamic digital twin, which includes operational field data. Now you can connect back to the lot size of one or the customer experience of n equal to 1 we talked about earlier in the course. It is the red digital twin that actually gives the real-time connection for the manufacturers with the customers on the product so that they can do this both lot size of one and managing the customer experience at one customer at a time. Let's now understand the same chart in a different example in the context of aircraft propeller. As you know, aircraft itself is a very expensive product and then propellers are one of the critical components. I'm just taking this example to explain that you could first start with the green version of the propeller digital twin. You'll just have the design information about the propellers. The yellow version will be design information of the propellers plus you'll have all the manufacturing information. When was it made? Which factory? Which shift? What is the temperature of different metal alloys that are used? Then what is the environment variable? What are the parameters in the machines that actually making some of these propeller blades? Those are the information that you'll collect in the yellow one. Of course, the manufacturing information is also important because if you have any problem, say, reported from the field, then it is important for you to track from that particular serial number of that particular product where it was manufactured, when it was manufactured, and what are the other manufacturing parameters in terms of who was at the shift at that time, what are the other parameters of the machines that are being used even before or after this part was made? You get information to that level of detail and that can help you troubleshoot problems. It can also help you in managing warranty. Of course, the red piece here would be, you have sensors on these propellers. You know exactly how fast they're spinning, what is the wind speed they're going against, and all those usage data that can derive some rich insights for the manufacturers to manage this entire product using digital twins. While talking about the business trade-off and the economic trade-offs, taking decisions around digital twins, manufacturers don't have to do digital twins for the entire product. In fact, what I call as a cascading digital twin. You could just do a digital twin of a particular part. If you think that part is pretty critical, you could actually do a full dynamic digital twin. You could do digital twin of a component which is a collection of parts, or you could do a digital twin of the entire product. Of course, as you can see, we move from a single part of component or a product, complexity goes up, the cost of the digital twin also goes up. Similarly, you can have cascading digital twin in a process. Imagine a manufacturing process, you don't have to always create full digital twin of the end-to-end process in a manufacturing, especially if you are an incumbent manufacturer and you already have plans, you don't have to have the full end-to-end digital twins, but you could actually start with digital twin of a particular machine being used in the manufacturing process. You can actually digital twin at the substation level where there are multiple machines being used, or of course, you can do digital twins in the entire manufacturing process end to end. There are different levels you can actually apply the concept of digital twins.

# Insights from Siemens - Executable Digital Twins
Today we have Stefan Jockusch who is the vice president strategy at Simmons, Digital industry software and industry experts with decades of experience working with large manufacturing companies helping in the digital transformation. Welcome Stefan. >> Thanks for having me Dr Krishnan. >> Stefan I would actually start with the first question, we are talking about the concept of digital twins. So this is very popular is being very widely used now. How do you explain digital twins to someone who is not familiar with it? >> I would probably use something that most are somewhat familiar with. Think about a flight simulator or one of these race car simulators. You can sit in a mall and run a race. So these things really give you an opportunity to experience a very large, complex, expensive machine very realistically to experience how it behaves. And you can even sit on that machine and you can check and verify that it worked exactly the way it's described in the manual. You can check against your what you what it was designed for. So if you take that idea and you translate it to the world of creating products. And manufacturing, this is really the idea, you have a way to design a product today, you do this completely in the digital world. And then you have a way to simulate every aspect of these products, whether it's the physical behavior or it's the way that air flows around it or any other aspect very realistically. So as a designer, you have a way to check whether your product meets your requirements that you started out with. Or if you go to the world of production, manufacturing, you can actually build your manufacturing line completely. And you can run it, you can even put simulated humans into it to make sure that they don't have to lift a weight that they're not allowed to lift and so on. So you can really built and validate your whole process from design to manufacturing completely virtually. And of course that means whatever you do virtually, you don't have to do with the physical prototype. In the example of a flight simulator, you don't have to rent a plane and pollute the air with all the fuel and so on. So you can be very environmentally friendly, very efficient and very cost efficient by using the digital twin. >> Stefan as we understand the concept of digital twins. I mean we look at while the term is very broad, but the application of digital twins, I see it and kind of multiple stages. One the kind of example you give but you could simulate a particular design either of a product or process and then do a lot of what if analysis and then freeze that design. That's one area. You could also do digital replication of making a product in the assembly line and then there is this digital replication of the product, sending it to the field. And in real time getting information through sensors on the health of the product or whatever the dimensions are one of the metrics we need to collect. Would you, agree with this characterization or how do you add to this? >> So those are kind of the stages. It's interesting also to think about how this can evolve once you have all these three stages in operation. So imagine you have a simulation model that is very accurate and of course you have a manufacturing process that you have successfully replicated in the virtual space. And then you also have a way to capture data from your product in operation. There's actually some newer concepts that make this whole some of these three things even more powerful and we talk about, we call them the execute double digital twin. And the idea of that, is that you take your simulation model of something and you integrate it into the final product and it can do things like for example creating what we call a virtual sensor. So imagine you have a vehicle on the road and it measures of course you're driving behavior, your vibrations. But there are things like the inner temperature of your cylinders in your engine, things where nobody would afford to put a sensor. But with a good enough digital twin of the product, you are actually able to predict or to estimate things like the inner engine temperature and stuff like that by actually running a simulation in real time on your vehicle. So, these are kinds of newer concepts when you bring the digital twin of the product in operation together with the digital twin that emerges in the design and evolution. So that's the only thing I would add outside of that. These three levels or three stages are perfectly accurate in my view. >> So basically you're saying based on the parameters and the metrics that you're getting, you can actually create a virtual sensor as if the sensor was inside the cylinder, right. >> You're correct.

# Insights from Siemens - Functional Digital Twins Example
Stefan, I would like to now move to some practical examples where you can pick one implementation of digital twin, either within Siemens or probably, with one of your customers where you can explain to us which of these three stages we talked about where the digital twin concept is applied and what was end result. Yeah. It's hard to pick because I don't know any industry where this is not happening to some extent. This really has evolved. But if we take one of those who probably are very much involved, and since you're in Ann Arbor and Detroit area, I think it's fair to look at the automotive industry to really have an example and the evolution that happened there. It started is, there was always a mockup. Going decades back, there was a mockup which is a physical model of the design of a vehicle. The first stage was when this became a digital mockup. That was the first time where people were able to look at the vehicle, all its parts on the computer screen without building a physical mockup. If you look at a company like Ford, one of our customers in that space, they actually talk about a functional mockup. They moved from the physical mockup to the digital mockup to the functional mockup. Then you ask yourself, what is that supposed to be? What they mean by that is that digital mockup only shows you the geometric shape of every part in your vehicle. The functional mockup really allows you to think like, "I'm going to mockup the function of seating or of normal driving or of an autonomous function of the lane departure control." That is a function. The idea is, if I'm able to have a mockup that represents that function, that mockup is actually the combination of the driving behavior, of the physics of the vehicle, of the software running it, of all the sensors playing together with the physical hardware. It's really everything we talked about where it becomes bigger and bigger and more comprehensive. It's something that again, it's an evolution that really is necessary today because every product we touch is usually a combination of sensor, electronics, and a complicated mechanical part. Hope I answered your question here, but that to me would be a very good example of how this also evolved over the past 10 to 20 years to become something much bigger today.

# Digital Twins and the Automotive Industry
Being in michigan we would like to of course talk about auto industry and there are a variety of applications Of the digital twins concept in auto industry. I mean we talked about the product and process digital trains, all these can be applied. And there are so many applications that are possibilities and they're already being used by auto manufacturers. So let's see some of these examples on the process Digital Twin, you could actually simulate the entire test testing process, that test track process. Virtually for the vehicle to be kind of tested, both the, on the virtual track with the virtual vehicle. You can have all the simulation possibilities so that for the engineers to understand. What needs to be corrected and then you can have a digital train tracking what you see in the, lower part of this chart is the physical call that is being tested on the test track. But the digital twin or the virtual car is basically collecting all the information about how the physical car is behaving. So that they can, engineers can get further insights for improvement. You could have the product digital turn concept used in multiple ways. Here are some examples where on the top of this chart, you see, you're testing the physical vehicle and you're testing the performance and impact on certain parts. It could be brakes, it could be shock absorbers through the digital twins, you can exactly see what is the impact they're getting and then analyze all these parameters. And you can also use, as you see in the bottom of the chart digital twin concept for sensing the environment around the vehicle. Right in this case they are looking at the lane markers on one side and the distance from that. So the digital twin concept can actually collect the information through the cameras in the vehicle into the digital to an example of how exactly the vehicle is surrounded by the environment. Of course, the, the concept of digital twin is widely used in testing autonomous driving, right? I mean, which is a very, very popular concept now, self driving cars and many, many auto manufacturers are working on this new concept. From Tesla to all existing automobiles, the BMW, Ford, GM all these companies are invested heavily in this. But I just want to emphasize how the concept of digital twins is used in testing. Autonomous were driving of course, what you see in this chart on the left hand side top references the autonomous vehicle test track. In fact, we have one here at the University of Michigan, M-City, where a consortium of auto manufacturers come and test their autonomous driving capabilities. So when you start with autonomous driving human ready of course, when they start testing this. They would start testing in full virtual environment, they would like to get the virtual digital version, the digital twin version of the cars. And put a number of those digital twin version in a virtual roads so that they can test because you don't want to first start with testing with physical cars right? Because with autonomous driving obviously during testing, things can go wrong and you don't want to lose many cars. So they do start with complete virtual, testing where it's all digital twins of cars that is being tested. Interestingly what you see in the in the last and the 3rd picture at the bottom of this chart is that when they start testing a real vehicle. So they kind of they created a physical car with all the features of autonomous driving, all the cameras and later somewhere else and all this in place. And when they are really testing in their test track and what they do is that they actually first put test this drive this vehicle by putting it on the road on the test track. And simulating virtual vehicles simulating digital twin of other vehicles going in the road when this car is driving. So this car is actually testing autonomous driving. Not with other physical cars first but with virtual cars. So you can actually see how the vehicle behaves as other virtual cars come in place because this vehicle is trained to detect the virtual cars that are coming. So the digital twin version of other cars. Once that when they passed their tests, then they actually bring some more other physical cars. Which are either driven by real human beings or they're driving driving on their own. So they put both a combination of physical cars being used driven by human beings or the autonomously driving. Plus they have some virtual digital twin cars as well in the road and they simulate all these scenarios. And watch how this car actually behaves in various conditions of whether it is taking left and right and parking all. So many of, kind of you can imagine the complexity of scenarios that are possible. They actually assimilate all these things are also in real time. Once this, the vehicle is ready, they see how it behaves in front of a real vehicle driven by human being. Real vehicle, autonomously driven and also other digital twin virtual vehicles. So you get an understanding of how they test autonomous driving with using the digital twin concept. So that actually gives you a summary of how the concept of product and process digital twin. Or used in combination to improve the entire manufacturing process and the product capabilities in auto manufacturing.

